There's a relationship
between all of these things.
Scenes, are the container for
everything that is in your game.
Game Objects are the most fundamental
building block of your game and
then components,
drive the behavior of those game objects.
So let's break that
down a little bit more.
So scenes, are actually assets,
their files with the .unity extension and
they can contain all or
part of your games content.
And I say that because,
multiple scenes can be loaded at
a time to help split up that content.
So, for example,
if you're building an open world game,
you might have a bunch of chunks
that need to be loaded in,
because there's a limited amount of memory
on the platform that you're deploying to.
So, you could stream in those assets,
as the player is moving around the world.
That's one example of how
scenes might be used.
Scenes could also be used,
by using them just as a construct for
levels in your game, right?
So, a lot of games have levels, where you
progress from one level to the next and
scenes might be a good way for
you to break that up, or
you might have a scene that is your main
menu and then you might have another
scene that is the the actual gameplay,
that you transition between.
So, lots of different ways
that those can be used.
Game objects, which is maybe
the most important thing in Unity,
are the building blocks for
scenes in Unity and
they are really just a container for
components,
game objects are almost
nothing really [LAUGH].
And yet they're everything.
So, they really are just a container for
components.
Game objects, will always have a transform
component attached to them by default.
So, you can't have a game object
in Unity without a transform.
And, I'll show you what that
looks like in a moment.
But a transform component,
will have a position rotation and
scale and that is what places
a game object, in the 3D world.
So that places it within the context
of the scene, within the 3D space.
Components, are scripts that
you can attach to game objects
to change their behavior.
So, Unity leans toward a component based
architecture, which we'll get into later.
But scripts, that when they are attached
to a game object, define the behavior
of that game object, and components
are created via C sharp scripts and,
they can expose values that
are modified in the inspector.
So, you saw in the inspector that I had
a bunch of values when I was selecting
different game objects in the hierarchy
and those are values that can be modified.
>> What IDE do you use or
recommend with Unity?
>> So, I personally use Visual Studio, but
VS Code is also great for Unity,
and a lot of developers use it.
So, yeah, VS Code or Visual Studio,
whichever you prefer.
>> And is Unity cross-platform
across like Mac, Linux and windows?
>> Yes, so Unity is available on Windows,
Mac, and Linux right now, as the editor.
The platforms that you can deploy
your game to are much broader.
So, you can of course deploy to Windows,
Mac, Linux, but gosh,
the deployment is much wider, there's,
I don't know what the number is,
but it's probably like 100 different
platforms that you can deploy to.
So AR, VR consoles, mobile, you name it,
you can probably get
a Unity game running on it.
>> You'll probably get into
this later in the course, but
there was somebody asking how that
WebGL deployment process works.
>> We will get into it and I think
you'll be surprised by how easy it is.
[LAUGH]
>> Is it WebAssembly or-
>> Yes, under the hood, it is WebAssembly.
All right,
are there any additional questions?
Okay, cool.
Well, like I said,
Unity games are composed of scenes,
so scenes contain game objects and
those game objects,
have components attached to
them that drive their behavior